# Thoughts on LLM

Notes: Since this project happens to be my first project of extensive collaboration with LLMs, specifically with code agents (the previous master research involved sensitive data usage thus the commercial LLM use is prohibited, let alone the code agent), I want to write down the thoughts along the way, about LLM using for coding/research/project/etc.

*Notice that these are pure personal thoughts, thus might be subjective or incomplete.*

## First use.

The first task I gave Claude Code is to think about the practical implementation plan of the reproduction of EDINET-Bench. Thought I had had a general plan (`reproduction/plan.md`) for it to refer, I was still shocked when it drafted an implementation plan, implemented, tested and ran the code, wrote a thorough experiment summary at last, all done in about 7 minutes. After evaluating the code and the result, I told my friend that "I feel like an 18th-century British textile worker seeing the Spinning Jenny for the first time."

## Thoughts

- The old saying becomes even more correct:

> The hardest part isn't solving the problem. It's asking the right question.

- Manual verification is important, and it (with learning) is where the focus shifts to comparing to traditional workflow (?).

- I think the situation of coding (with LLM) is very similar to that of learning assembly code:

> The need for programmers to learn machine code has shifted over years from one of being able to write programs directly in assembly code to one of being able to read and understand the code generated by compilers.

(from CSAPP) 

- For operations like EDA and analyzing result data, it is very efficient to: (H) think about what to inspect and what to find out -> (A) do the task / write the code to provide only further observations -> (H) simple verification about the result, then think and make decisions.
(H = Human, A = Agent).

- A rule/command/subagent/skill/mcp in need is a rule/command/subagent/skill/mcp indeed.